Describe Manager and Monitoring in MultiDC docs (#1513)
scylladb/scylla-operator: docs/source/multidc/multidc.md

UN  172.16.25.18   759 KB     256          ?       665dde7e-e420-4db3-8c54-ca71efd39b2e  a
UN  172.16.87.27   503 KB     256          ?       c19c89cb-e24c-4062-9df4-2aa90ab29a99  c
```

## Scylla Manager

> Integration with Scylla Manager requires having it installed in just one DC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To integrate a multi-datacenter ScyllaDB clustere with Scylla Manager, you must deploy the Scylla Manager in only one datacenter.
```

Reviewer: unless it can be deployed in both? I think the wording needs to be specific if it must be installed in one and only one

Author: done

> In this example, we will choose DC1 Kubernetes Cluster to host it.

Reviewer: Please rephrase the text to not use 'we' form, as per the style guide. E.g. let's choose DC1...
Applies globally

Author: done

> Follow [Deploying Scylla Manager](../manager.md) guide to install it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy Scylla Manager, follow the steps described in  [Deploying Scylla Manager on a Kubernetes Cluster](../manager.md) in ScyllaDB Operator documentation.
```

to align with the other docs

Author: done

> In order to define Manager tasks, add them to the ScyllaCluster object deployed in the same Kubernetes cluster where

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to define the Scylla Manager tasks, add them to the ScyllaCluster object deployed in the same Kubernetes cluster in which
 ```

Author: done

your Scylla Manager is running.

> Each Scylla Operator creates default Scylla Manager Agent auth token when ScyllaCluster is created, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each Scylla Operator instance creates a default Scylla Manager Agent auth token when ScyllaCluster is created, 
```

Author: done

> because each Scylla Operator generated different token, we need to make sure that entire cluster use the same auth token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
because each Scylla Operator instance generates a unique token, we need to make sure that the entire cluster uses the same auth token.
```

Author: done

> Extract it from first DC using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extract it from the first datacenter with the below command:
```

Author: done

```shell
kubectl --context="${CONTEXT_DC1}" -n=scylla get secrets scylla-cluster-auth-token --template='{{index .data "auth-token.yaml"}}' 2>/dev/null | base64 -d
```
```console
auth_token: 84qtsfvm98qzmps8s65zr2vtpb8rg4sdzcbg4pbmg2pfhxwpg952654gj86tzdljfqnsghndljm58mmhpmwfgpsvjx2kkmnns8bnblmgkbl9n8l9f64rs6tcvttm7kmf
```

> Save output, and patch secret in second DC - remember to replace token with yours:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Save the output, replace the token with your own, and patch the secret in the second datacenter with the below command:
```

Author: done

```shell
kubectl --context="${CONTEXT_DC2}"-n=scylla patch secret scylla-cluster-auth-token --type='json' -p='[{"op": "replace", "path": "/data/auth-token.yaml", "value": "auth_token: 84qtsfvm98qzmps8s65zr2vtpb8rg4sdzcbg4pbmg2pfhxwpg952654gj86tzdljfqnsghndljm58mmhpmwfgpsvjx2kkmnns8bnblmgkbl9n8l9f64rs6tcvttm7kmf"}]'
```

> Now we have to rolling restart nodes in DC2 to make sure they pick up the new token:

Reviewer: ditto

Author: done

```shell
kubectl --context="${CONTEXT_DC2}" patch scyllacluster scylla-cluster --type='json' -p='[{"op": "replace", "path": "/spec/forceRedeploymentReason", "value": "sync scylla-manager-agent"}]'
```

## ScyllaDBMonitoring

To monitor your cluster, deploy ScyllaDBMonitoring in every datacenter independently.

> Follow [Deploying Monitoring](../monitoring.md) guide to install it.

Reviewer: ditto

UN  172.16.25.18   759 KB     256          ?       665dde7e-e420-4db3-8c54-ca71efd39b2e  a
UN  172.16.87.27   503 KB     256          ?       c19c89cb-e24c-4062-9df4-2aa90ab29a99  c
```

## Scylla Manager

To integrate a multi-datacenter ScyllaDB cluster with Scylla Manager, you must deploy the Scylla Manager in only one datacenter.

> In this example, let's choose Kubernetes Cluster deployed in first datacenter to host it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, let's choose the Kubernetes cluster deployed in the first datacenter to host it.
```

Author: done

To deploy Scylla Manager, follow the steps described in [Deploying Scylla Manager on a Kubernetes Cluster](../manager.md)
in ScyllaDB Operator documentation. 

In order to define the Scylla Manager tasks, add them to the ScyllaCluster object deployed in the same Kubernetes cluster 
in which your Scylla Manager is running.

> Each Scylla Operator instance creates a default Scylla Manager Agent auth token when ScyllaCluster is created, 
> because each Scylla Operator instance generates a unique token, you need to make sure that the entire cluster uses the same auth token.

Reviewer 2: I suppose this happens even within a single kube cluster, right?
```suggestion
Every datacenter (represented by ScyllaCluster CR) is, by default, provisioned with a new, random Scylla Manager Agent auth token. To use Scylla Manager with multiple datacenter (represented by ScyllaClusters), you have to make sure they all use the same token.
```

Author: done

Extract it from the first datacenter with the below command:
```shell

> kubectl --context="${CONTEXT_DC1}" -n=scylla get secrets scylla-cluster-auth-token --template='{{index .data "auth-token.yaml"}}' 2>/dev/null | base64 -d

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
kubectl --context="${CONTEXT_DC1}" -n=scylla get secrets/scylla-cluster-auth-token --template='{{ index .data "auth-token.yaml" }}' | base64 -d
```

Author: done

```
```console
auth_token: 84qtsfvm98qzmps8s65zr2vtpb8rg4sdzcbg4pbmg2pfhxwpg952654gj86tzdljfqnsghndljm58mmhpmwfgpsvjx2kkmnns8bnblmgkbl9n8l9f64rs6tcvttm7kmf
```

Save the output, replace the token with your own, and patch the secret in the second datacenter with the below command:
```shell
kubectl --context="${CONTEXT_DC2}"-n=scylla patch secret scylla-cluster-auth-token --type='json' -p='[{"op": "replace", "path": "/data/auth-token.yaml", "value": "auth_token: 84qtsfvm98qzmps8s65zr2vtpb8rg4sdzcbg4pbmg2pfhxwpg952654gj86tzdljfqnsghndljm58mmhpmwfgpsvjx2kkmnns8bnblmgkbl9n8l9f64rs6tcvttm7kmf"}]'
```

> Execute a rolling restart of nodes in DC2 to make sure they pick up the new token:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute a rolling restart of the nodes in DC2 to make sure they pick up the new token:
```
nit

Author: done

```shell

> kubectl --context="${CONTEXT_DC2}" patch scyllacluster scylla-cluster --type='json' -p='[{"op": "replace", "path": "/spec/forceRedeploymentReason", "value": "sync scylla-manager-agent"}]'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
kubectl --context="${CONTEXT_DC2}" patch scyllacluster/scylla-cluster --type=json -p='[{"op": "replace", "path": "/spec/forceRedeploymentReason", "value": "sync scylla-manager-agent token"}]'
```

Reviewer 2: - in case people mess up and need to run this twice, it might be good to add a time stamp so it always rollsout
- merge patch might be shorter but I don't feel strong

Author: done

Reviewer 2: the `<resource>/<name>` syntax is still missing

Author: yep, sorry, missed it. Fixed

```

## ScyllaDBMonitoring

> To monitor your cluster, deploy ScyllaDBMonitoring in every datacenter independently.

Reviewer 2: I don't think this is what we'd want, as we should sync the endpoints and use one monitoring, but the setup is quite hard and needs ep syncer (like the multi region operator), so I think this is a good path for now.

Author: yep, this describes what we have today.

> To deploy ScyllaDB Monitoring, follow the steps described in [Deploying Monitoring](../monitoring.md) in ScyllaDB Operator documentation.

Reviewer: the section is called `Monitoring`. That is unless you wanted to link to [Deploy managed monitoring](https://operator.docs.scylladb.com/stable/monitoring.html#deploy-managed-monitoring) section.

Author: done
